# Durable-workflows
For example, we might have three functions that are called in sequence or chained together. Function One gets called first, and when it's finished, it triggers Function Two, and then when that's finished, it triggers Function Three. And, of course, it's possible to implement this with regular Azure Functions. We could use queue messages. So, Function One puts a message on a queue, and that message triggers Function Two, and so on. But what if we wanted to implement a fan-out, and fan-in pattern?

So, Function One might trigger multiple instances of Function Two, and then we want to wait until all of those instances of Function Two have finished, before triggering Function Three. But that's actually quite a lot harder to do, just with regular Azure Functions. Or, going back to the chaining example, what if we wanted to write an error handler, that could handle an error, wherever in the chain it occurred, whether it was in Function One, Two, or Three?

Again, that's quite tricky to implement, with regular Azure Functions. So, what Durable Functions allow us to do, is define our workflow in code. We write some very simple code in C#, that defines the workflow, what order to run the functions in. We can trigger parallel execution, and we can handle errors at any point in the workflow. And not only does this make workflows easier to implement, but they're also easier to understand because the relationship between all the functions is defined in a single place, in what's called the Orchestrator Function. Durable Functions also solves the problem of state for us. In a serverless environment, we need our functions to be stateless, but our workflow inherently has state associated with it. We need to track how far through the workflow we are so that we know what the next step in the process is. And typically, if we are doing this yourself, we'd end up storing that state in a database. But Durable Functions handles all state management transparently for us, so it becomes really easy to implement some quite advanced workflow patterns.
